Xiaofan, where is this?
As far as I know, there's a woman in here
He runs a research institute.
Now the world suffers.
I don't know what happened to them.
Let's go in and have a look. Okay.
Guys, we mean no harm.
We're just here to borrow some of your equipment
I promise to leave when I run out
Will not seem to trust us very much to these people
I am Zhang Jiajia
You should know me
I can make a serum that suppresses the virus
I also reflect on the convenience you can make
Where is your boss looking for Miqing?
I have something to do with him
Zhang Jiajia stays
Others get out
Meet me Dr. Jiajia Zhang Biology KL blood type
Am I right?
You investigated me?
What do you want?